It is play time at school.
Peppa and her friends
are running around having fun.
Oh, that hurts.
Are you right, Peppa?
I 've hurt my knee.
Madame Gazelle, Peppa has fallen over.
You just grazed your knee, Peppa.
First, Madame Gazelle cleans
Peppa' knee. then she puts a plaster on it.
Does it feel any better?
Yes. Thank you.
Now, children you may have
noticed that Pedro Pony isn't here today.
Is he late again?
No, Susie. Pedro is in hospital.
Woooo
And today, we are going to visit him.
This is the hospital.
Peppa and her
friends have come to visit Pedro.
Remember, Children, stay close to me.
I don't want you get lost.
Yes, Madame Gazelle!
Excuse me, Mr. Bull
which way is the children's ward?
Down the steps,
double doors, right,
left, right along the corridor.
Up the stairs, third on your left.
Or you could just take the lift.
Children's ward!
Pedro will be asleep.
Sick people do a lot of sleeping.
Hello, everyone!
Hello, Pedro.
Why aren't
you asleep? You don't look sick.
I broke my leg and
they put it in this plaster cast.
The plaster cast
helps Pedro's leg get better.
I grazed my knee and I got a plaster too.
Wow, do you
want to draw on my plaster cast?
Yes, please.
The children are all
doing drawings on Pedro's plaster cast.
I am drawing a football.
I've drawn some beautiful flowers.
Mr. Potato.
A parrot.
And I'v drawn a muddy puddle.
Wow, thanks everyone.
You can draw on my plaster, too.
OK, I will draw a little flower.
Thank you. Pedro.
Pedro, what's it like being in hospital?
It is great!
What the nurse is like?
They give me stickers
and they come
whenever I press this button.
Who's that? I wonder?
Could it be Pedro?
What do you want, Pedro?
We are very busy.
I've got a bit of an itch.
Even if your leg is itching,
we can't take the
cast off until your leg is better.
It is not my leg that is itching. It is my ear.
Is it better?
Yes, thank you.
Lunch time!
What would you like to eat today, Pedro?
Can I have spaghetti
and sponge pudding, please?
You get your dinner in bed?
Yes.
That looks tasty.
Doctor Brown Bear has
come to see how Pedro is doing.
How are we, today, Pedro?
My ear is a bit itchy. Just here.
I say you are almost better.
Visiting time is over.
Bye, Pedro!
Bye, everyone.
Get well soon, Pedro!
Yes, Madame Gazelle.
It is another school day.
Peppa and her friends
are playing in the playground.
Madame Gazelle, my plaster had fallen off.
Can I have another one?
You don't need a plaster, Peppa.
Your knee is better.
Oh, yes.
Hello, everyone. Pedro Pony is back.
Oh, hello, Pedro. Where is your plaster cast?
They take it off because my leg is better.
Is your leg stronger now?
It's stronger than
it was before. It is a super leg.
Can you run on it?
Watch this!
Pedro likes running around having fun.
Everybody likes running around having fun.